# Types

In command documentation, you've probably seen one of these:

- `string`
- `user`
- `duration`

These are types. They are a way for users to identify what type is required for a certain command.

## Type List

| Type       | Description                    |
| ---------- | -------------------------------|
| [`string`](#string) | A string of text.     |
| [`number`](#number) | A number.             |
| [`snowflake`](#snowflake) | A snowflake.    |
| [`mention`](#mention) | A mention.          |
| [`uuid`](#uuid) | A Unique Identifier.      |
| [`duration`](#duration) | A duration.       |
| [`user`](#user) | A user.                   |
| [`role`](#role) | A role.                   |
| [`channel`](#channel) | A channel.          |
| [`punishment`](#punishment) | A Punishment. |

### `string`

A string of text, typically used for a reason or a filter.

### `number`

A number, typically used for an amount of something. NOT a duration.

### `snowflake`

A snowflake, typically used for a Discord ID.

An example of a valid snowflake is `96269247411400704`.

More info can be found here: https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#snowflakes

### `mention`

A mention, any form of mention in discord is valid.
This could look like `@Tyler` or `#real-channel` in your chat.

### `uuid`

A Unique Identifier, this is a unique identifier that is generated by Black Mesa.
All infractions have a UUID, and this is how you can reference them.

An example of a UUID is `c488c9ec-423a-437c-817c-41d0d4141e58`.

If you are looking for an infraction, look to the [`search`](../modules/moderation/commands/search.md) command.

### `duration`

A duration, Black Mesa has an intuitive duration parser that can parse any combination of the following units:

- `y` for `years`
- `mo` for `months`
- `w` for `weeks`
- `d` for `days`
- `h` for `hours`
- `m` for `minutes`
- `s` for `seconds`

All units are optional, and the parser will default to `seconds` if no unit is provided.
An example of a valid duration is `5d12h`, which means 5 Days and 12 Hours will pass.

### `user`

A Discord User. This can be a [mention](#mention)  or a [snowflake](#snowflake).

### `role`

A Discord Role. This can be a [mention](#mention)  or a [snowflake](#snowflake).

### `channel`

A Discord Channel. This can be a [mention](#mention)  or a [snowflake](#snowflake).

### `punishment`

A punishment, this is a punishment that can be applied to a user.
This can be one of the following:

- `mute`
- `strike`
- `kick`
- `ban`
- `none`